docs(kic): update prometheus labels for KIC 2.9.x (#5146)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/references/prometheus.md

This metric provides the following labels:

* `protocol` describes the configuration protocol in use, which can be `db-less` or `deck`.
{% if_version gte:2.9.x %}

> * `dataplane` describes the dataplane that was the target of configuration push.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dataplane` describes the data plane that was the target of configuration push.
```
Data plane, two words, is our standard term (though you'll find a lot of instances of both dataplane and data plane in the docs, from before we standardized on just one).

Mesh/Kuma is the exception, where they specifically use "dataplane" to refer to the entity.

{% endif_version %}
* `success` logs the status of configuration updates. If `success` is `false`, an unrecoverable error occurred.  If `success` is `true`, the push succeeded with no errors.
{% if_version gte:2.7.x %}

> * `failure_reason` is populated in case `success="false"`. It describes the reason for the failure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `failure_reason` is populated if `success="false"`. It describes the reason for the failure:
```

    * `conflict`: A configuration conflict that must be manually fixed.
    * `network`: A network related issues, such as {{site.base_gateway}} is offline.

>     * `other`: Other issues, such as {{site.base_gateway}} reports a non-conflict error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `other`: Other issues, such as {{site.base_gateway}} reporting a non-conflict error.
```

{% endif_version %}

### ingress_controller_translation_count
`ingress_controller_translation_count` (type: `counter`) provides the number of translations from the Kubernetes state to the {{site.base_gateway}} state.

This metric provides the `success` label. `success` logs the status of configuration updates. If `success` is `false`, an unrecoverable error occurred.
If `success` is `true`, the translation succeeded with no errors.

### ingress_controller_configuration_push_duration_milliseconds
`ingress_controller_configuration_push_duration_milliseconds` (type: `histogram`) is the amount of time, in milliseconds, that it takes to push the configuration to {{site.base_gateway}}.

This metric provides the following labels:

* `protocol` describes the configuration protocol in use, which can be `db-less` or `deck`.
{% if_version gte:2.9.x %}

> * `dataplane` describes the dataplane that was the target of configuration push.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dataplane` describes the data plane that was the target of configuration push.
```
